One of the most common ones is what is closure in javascript.
Is this kind of an intermediate question but it is very very common.
And closure the answer should be is it closure essentially is a function calling a phone returning a
function within.
So you'll have a parent function that will have a child function.
And so the reason to do something and use closure is you can in fact instantiate a variable that on
your first function call enclosure and then after that your return function will have access to it.
Let's into a common example would be.
Let's say we wanted to have a count object where we wanted to keep track of something but we didn't
want to make it a property of class and we didn't want to make it a globally so variable but we just
needed access to it and we wanted to iterate we could use closure to do something like that.
All right.
Let's say I'm at the Take a look at an example of closure.
OK.
So we have this function that is returning a nother function.
Now what we can do here is we can actually instantiate a variable here and we'll just go ahead and call
it count and initialize it to zero.
And what we want to do within arc our closure function here is we just want to count plus plus and then
cancel the log count.
And what you'll see is once we go ahead and go ahead and call this function we'll go out and say of
course C-L example is equal to closure example and we'll go at and instantiate it there.
But you'll notice when the consulate log closure celo example today is that we're getting a function
back because this is actually storing a reference to this function.
So we're instantiating it here essentially we're calling this function here.
But now if we were to down here say take C-L example and instantiate it like so you'll see that we're
actually getting one right here and then we are going to it's kind of hard to do it in here.
But if we do it again or here consider log s.l example
actually it's 2.
So you can see we're iterating on our item and we could actually probably it probably would have been
better to return this for this example.
But you'll notice that it's not getting reset because what's happening is our very first function call
from our parent function is in fact instantiating count.
And now we have no way to reset count and every iteration after that is actually going ahead and calling
calling this one thing to also say you can actually do double function calls on closure.
And I believe that we'll call it right away like so but then you don't have access to the function.
So after the fact like so but that is in a very basic example what closure is.